this is captain dave macdonald owner and
chief pilot of flamingo airlines perhaps
one of the most unusual airlines in the
world we're dedicated to fun we do
strictly fun things and one of those fun
things is what captain MacDonald calls
flights of fancy the ultimate romantic
trip you get one hour in a curtain Dolph
aircraft just you and your significant
other it's your own little love boat
with wings it's completely curtain Dolph
you get complimentary champagne
chocolates and really very discreet
pilots we wear headsets we can't hear
anything and you can just be as romantic
as you like it works like this a couple
reserves of time and when they arrive or
escort it to the plane and load it
aboard the only two passenger seats then
captain MacDonald gives them a brief
safety lecture then have to ask you to
put your seat belts on keep your seat
belts on and feel the captain powers
back and tells you okay to take them off
then it's time for the captain to climb
into the front seat and close the
curtain blocking his view of the back of
the plane mcDonald says some of his
customers use a flight of fancy as a
birthday or anniversary surprise like
the lady who used the flight as a unique
present for her husband I've had a lady
show up in an overcoat high heels and
stockings period when they landed by the
way she's completely dressed in blue
jeans at a sweater and tension is
amazing flight McDonald admits that
sometimes the action gets a bit wild and
the curtain off passenger compartment
we've been nudged in the back of the
head by a foot we've had a champagne
cork fly through the curtain Daria's we
have he had the curtain pulled down once
or twice though oh yeah that was that
was interesting but they promptly
recovered the situation and got it back
in place of the hundreds of flights of
fancy that flamingo Airlines is made who
made the reservations and I've had three
men buckle there
are strictly ladies as for our couple on
the flight today they declined to be
interviewed but they did seem to enjoy
their flight of fancy all right you're
worn out did you enjoy the flight it was
exile mingle I appreciate it very much
and thank you i hope you had a good ride
and as for satisfaction I've never had
anybody get off that airplane wasn't
smile